Fix typos using codespell (#838)
opnsense/docs: source/manual/how-tos/ntopng.rst

:Interfaces:
    Here you set the interfaces ntopng should listen on. If you don't select any interface
    it listens to the first in the system, e.g. em0, but you can change the interfaces 

>     within ntopng's UI on demand; while setting an explicit interface you won't get any 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    within ntopng's UI on demand; while setting an explicit interface you will not get any 
```
